---
layout: post
title: Best fashion and style apps for Android
published: true
author: admin
comments: true
date: 2013-05-22 09:05:39
tags: [ ]
categories:
    - uncategorized
permalink: "1164"
---
## Mobo Fashion Trends and Deals



The Mobo Fashion Trends and Deals app is your head-to-toe fashion guide featuring the latest hairstyles down to the latest in shoes. The app provides one-stop access to the latest fashion news and updates from the world’s popular fashion sources such as Elle, Vogue, WWD, GQ, Marie Claire, the Sartorialist, Style.com, and other popular fashion blogs on the Web.

Mobo Fashion Trends and Deals comes with the ability to easily search and locate high quality images and breaking news. For easy access, the app also comes with a homescreen widget.  Apart from that, the features “My Celebs,” which is your personal tracker for the latest news about your favorite designers or Hollywood stars. The app also features an easy way to share fashion-related stuff with your fashionista friends via Twitter.

Check out Mobo Fashion Trends and Deals for free and enjoy the best fashion diary right on your mobile device.

&nbsp;

## TrendStop Fashion TrendTracker



The Trendstop Fashion TrendTracker app develped by Amoja allows you to take a peek at the latest fashion news, trends, and catwalk photo galleries right on your Android phone. The app also lets you grab the hottest news and fashion trends from trendstop.com and even allows you to share and submit your own personal fashion trend photos. You can easily hold on to an inspiring look by adding it to your favorites. When you’re in the mood to get stylish, simply access any of your favorite images.

The Trendstop Fashion TrendTracker app also includes over 80 high-resolution videos of the latest fashion shows and backstage video clips. Also included are over 3,500 fashion pictures and city store guides that track fashion stores offering the latest fashion. Share trends with your friends via Facebook, Twitter, or e-mail without having to leave the app.

Download Trendstop Fashion TrendTracker app for free and keep track of the latest fashion styles.

&nbsp;

## Fashion Ladies



If you’ve watched award ceremonies, you’ll have no doubt fawned over the gorgeous outfits and looks celebrities wore on the red carpet. The Fashion Ladies app developed by Tonee is the perfect fashion guide for all the ladies out there who wished that they looked like the stars.

This app features nail styles, hairstyles, jewelry, shoes, and makeup styles of famous celebrities such as Nelly Furtado, Rihanna, Jessica Alba, Jennifer Lopez, and many more. Fashion Ladies also allows you to share your personal style via the same app or share it through social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter, or by email.

Take note that the app will install a search shortcut icon to your homescreen and a search shortcut to your bookmarks. The developer claims that these can easily be deleted; just drag and drop them into the trash bin.

Download Fashion Ladies for free and get to wear accessories and clothing that would make you feel and look like a star.

&nbsp;

## Fashion Style



Now that you’re done admiring celebrity outfits, it’s time to check out the source of their stylish looks. The Fashion Style app lets you enjoy the designs of world-famous designers featured on the catwalks at the New York, Paris, London, and Milan Fashion Weeks.

The app supports offline storage, so you can collect and download pictures of your favorite fashion designs. View them any time of the day, whether you’re thinking of what to wear for the next big event or when you’re organizing your closet. If you’re a fashion designer and you’ve been struggling with a creative lull, browse through the pictures Fashion Style has to offer you. That should get your creative mojo flowing.

Fashion Style also includes the works and products of nearly 600 designers and famous brands such as Gucci, Chloé, Celine, and Dolce & Gabbana for viewing right on your Android phone.

Check out the Fashion Style app for free and be prepared to showcase your favorite fashion style.

&nbsp;

## Coupon Closet – Fashion Deals



With a variety of offers and discounts, Coupon Closet – Fashion Deals just had to make it on our list. This app doesn’t post photos of fashion trends or videos of hot models walking on the catwalk. Rather, it is an app that helps you find the best deals from your favorite fashion brands.

Every deal is manually updated to bring you the best offers from your favorite brands such as Ultra, Forever 21, GAP, H&M, Children’s Place, Banana Republic, Chili’s, Dickies, ESPRIT, Steve Madden, and many more.

You can also subscribe to the app’s emailed deals to get the latest offers straight to your inbox. You can also opt to receive a notification alert for deals that are nearing their expiration dates.

Get Coupon Closet – Fashion Deals for free and get to showcase the latest fashion trends without sacrificing much on your monthly budget.

&nbsp;

## H&M



Always be one step ahead with the official H&M application on your Android phone. Give your phone a shake and get the the latest promotions and offers. You can see all the latest arrivals, campaigns, news, and videos from H&M. The app even gives you instant push notifications about offers and events at your local H&M store.

If you’ve been dying to get certain items, the app allows you to make a wish list. Every time you add an item to your wish list, you’ll see the total of all the item prices so you have an idea of how much you need to save.

If you have gift cards, the H&M app will let you check your gift card balance. See something you like? Share it with your friends and family through Facebook, Twitter, e-mail, or any social network of your choice. You can use the application to locate the nearest H&M store, wherever you are in the world. If there isn’t any H&M store in your area, then shop online through the app.


   
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
    Pose: Fashion, Beauty, & Style
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
    Pose: Fashion, Beauty, & Style makes sure that you get your daily fashion inspiration by giving you access to over thousands of styles and looks uploaded daily. You can follow trendsetters that you admire, brands you love, or celebrities you emulate. You can share your favorite outfits and any great shopping finds in real time.
  
  
  
    Logging into Pose is easy. You can either create an account or log in using your Facebook credentials. The Feed tab lets you view the photos of the people you follow, as well as your own poses. Tap on any picture to view details of the image, such as the uploader’s description. You can also like it and discuss the look with your friends.
  
  
  
    Tapping the Discover tab lets you view the Posers, Popular and Featured images. Under Posers, you can see a hand-selected group of fashion influencers while Popular shows you what’s trending today, this month, or all the time. Take a shot of your new bag using Pose and upload it together with details such as the item’s brand, store, and price. Not only can you share it with Pose but also with Facebook, Twitter, and Tumblr.
  
  
  
    &nbsp;
  
  
  
    Stylish Girl – Fashion Closet
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
    Stylish Girl – Fashion Coset is your all-in-one wardrobe, style planner, and fashion buddy. Stylish Girl for your Android phone helps you virtualize your whole wardrobe so that you can easily mix and match outfits without having to dig through your clothes. That makes shopping for an item much easier.
  
  
  
    Launch the app, browse your virtual wardrobe, and check if you already have a clothing item just like what you’re looking at before you commit to purchasing it. You can also catalog your wish items so you can slowly purchase them one by one.
  
  
  
    Inspire yourself with the latest looks, celebrity fashion styles, and news from selected fashion blogs and magazines. Now that you’re sufficiently inspired, put together an outfit using your phone anywhere, anytime. Once you’re done, share your outfits and clothes with friends through e-mail, Facebook, or Twitter. Stylish Girl also lets you shop online through Shopstyle.com and lets you mix and match online items against your clothes and outfits.
  
  
  
    &nbsp;
  
  
  
    EXPRESS
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
    Here’s another fashion app that’ll help you keep on top of emerging trends. EXPRESS gives you access to special offers, updates and the hottest news in fashion and beauty from the convenience of your Android app. A lot of people may say that fashion is a woman’s realm, but EXPRESS reaches out to the men who like looking good as well. Both men and women have their own sections in the EXPRESS app. The app goes beyond just providing you the latest fashion styles; you also keep up-to-date on what’s hot in the music scene and you can view videos.
  
  
  
    If you’re planning to expand your wardrobe, look around the EXPRESS app and check out some of the clothes featured. EXPRESS users can leave star ratings on clothing items to let others know what they think about the items. Tap on a clothing item to view the item’s price tag so you can plan your budget without even stepping into the store. Save the clothing item to your device, share it with your friends, or buy it. The app requires at least Android 1.6 to run, but some users report having some compatibility issues with Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich.
  
  
  
    &nbsp;
  
  
  
    Fashion freax Street Styles
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
    Sometimes the best fashion isn’t found in magazines but on the streets. Sit down somewhere in your local mall and take a few minutes to watch people. You’ll see that everyone has her or his own unique style of dressing, ranging from conservative and boring to really out there. Some outfits are embarrassing while others are put together so well that you wish you’d thought of it. If street fashion gets your fashion mojo flowing more than magazine-featured shots, then Fashion freax Street Styles is the app for you.
  
  
  
    If you see someone rocking an amazing look, snap a shot and post it through the app. That’ll get other people inspired. If you’re feeling a bit hesitant about what you’ve put together for yourself, snap a shot of your outfit and get feedback from other Fashion freax Street Styles users. Start by “selecting connect with Facebook” and you’re on your way to sharing and discovering the newest and hottest street fashion looks.
  
  
  
    
      &nbsp; 
      
      
        
      
      
      
        Street Fashion Gallery
      
      
      
        
      
      
      
        Can’t get enough of peoples’ unique fashion styles? Hankering for even more street fashion pictures? We certainly don’t blame you. Magazine fashion shots are often hard to emulate for everyday use, not to mention it may involve having to purchase items from particular brands. Get Street Fashion Galleryon your Android today so you have even more ideas for your next great look.
      
      
      
        Browse the app’s collection of photos and draw inspiration for your next look. If you’re a professional or aspiring designer, Street Fashion Gallery can certainly get your creative juices flowing for your next design. You can access styles from all over the world so you’re bound to get some ideas on how to throw your clothes together for your own unique look.
      
      
      
        Unfortunately, this app doesn’t support tagging sites as your favorites and it seems to be lacking a “back” button. Otherwise, Street Fashion Gallery is a great way to get your mind started up on ideas. Get Street Fashion Gallery for free from the Google Play Store today.
      
      
      
        &nbsp;
      
      
      
        K-Fashion Tips
      
      
      
        
      
      
      
        If you spend enough time on the Internet, you’ll know that Korean fashion is popular with the younger generation and who can fault them? Take a look at some of the most popular Korean celebrities and you can see that these guys really have their own solid and unique concepts of fashion. If you’re falling in love with Korean fashion, K-Fashion Tips is just the app for you. Use this app to search for your favorite Korean celebrity, such as Kwon Ji Yong, Gong Hyo-jin, and Yoo Ah In, to draw more inspiration from their style.
      
      
      
        On the app’s homescreen, you can find Magazines, separate sections for Men and Women, and User Lists. Magazines lets you access publications like Vogue, Elle, InStyle, Cosmopolitan, and more. K-Fashion Tips also has a Search function so you can look up a specific look you want. Get in touch with the latest in Korean fashion today. Download K-Fashion Tips for free for your Android device.
      
      
      
        &nbsp;
      
      
      
        triMirror Fashion Closet
      
      
      
        
      
      
      
        How do you know if what you’re wearing is right for an occasion? Should you get that shirt in this color or that? Do these shoes match your bag? Fashion may have rules, but they’re constantly changing, and there’s no telling if you’re committing a fashion faux pas. Thankfully, there’s a fashion and shopping community that you can rely on to call you out on your fashion faux pas. Introducing triMirror Fashion Closet, a mobile platform for fashionistas on the go.
      
      
      
        Share photos of clothing and fashion ideas the next time you’re at a clothing store with other triMirror users. If you’re feeling nervous about stepping out of the house with your latest ensemble, get fashion advice and styling tips from fellow fashion lovers. When you’re confident and you love your look, share it with the triMirror community. Make friends with fellow fashionistas and discuss street fashion, fashion news, fashion trends, fashion shows, and fashion designers.
      
      
      
        &nbsp;
      
      
      
        StyleTag: Fashion SocialAPP
      
      
      
        
      
      
      
        Here’s another app that’ll help you not only build your own looks but also inspire others with your sense of style. You’ll be able to keep up with your favorite brands, designers, styles, and trends withStyleTag: Fashion SocialAPP. If you’re confident about your look and you want to flaunt it, snap a photo of it and tag your looks so you can easily share them on Facebook, Twitter, and Tumblr. Other StyleTag users will be able to give you comments and advice on your outfits.
      
      
      
        This app not only lets you share your favorite looks with fellow fashionistas and trendsetters but alsol keep you updated with real-time photos of street fashion. Who knows? Maybe you’ll find some looks that’ll inspire you enough to make you the trendsetter that everyone wants to emulate. Make sure that you’re getting the updates that matter to you by subscribing to your favorite brands, designers, styles, trends, and users sporting the brands you like.
      
      
      
        &nbsp;
      
      
      
        TodayCody
      
      
      
        
      
      
      
        If you can’t get enough of Korean street fashion, we’re giving you another source of K-Fashion inspiration with this app. TodayCody is slightly different from all the other apps we’ve already mentioned on the list. The app was specifically designed for Koreans, which means that the homescreen onwards is in the Korean language. If you’re familiar with the language, then you can easily use the app. If you aren’t familiar, then you’ll need to fiddle with it a little to familiarize yourself with how to navigate the app
      
      
      
        Just like the apps we’ve mentioned, TodayCody lets you draw inspiration from other fashionistas as well a share your own looks. Cody Up lets you upload and share pictures of your clothes from your Android device and even register your outfit style. Check out what other people are wearing in Today Cody. If you’ve got something to say, “Talk” to discuss and share your ideas about peoples’ styles, recommend a look by clicking “Cool,” and bookmark a style that’s caught your eye with “Pick.” You can view all of your favorite looks in My Pick when you’re putting an outfit together. If you can’t trust your sense of fashion, look through styles recommended by professional stylists.
      
      
      
        &nbsp;
      
      
      
        Like technology, fashion has been also been rapidly changing, but thanks to these apps, you can now get in touch with the latest changes in the fashion arena through your mobile device. So, if you are into fashion or are looking to improve your clothing style, you can check out these fashion and style apps for Android. Do you use any of these apps?
      
      
      
        &nbsp;
      
      
      
        
        
      